Starting with the Python implementation.
Here's a APIGateway class in python that implements rate limiting to control request flow.
The init method is where the action happens.
First, we define our APIGateway class — this encapsulates all the complexity in one clean interface.
Then we set up the counts map on our instance — for O of 1 constant time lookups.
This is why hash maps are interview gold.
Next, we define the route function that takes path and token.
After that, we check if our boundary condition.
Then we call APIGateway and store the result in gw.
Finally, we print gw.route('/orders', '') to verify our result — because the order matters for our algorithm to work correctly.